Add support for unhandled field trackInventoryByDefault . (#13497)
saleor/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

  - `accountUpdate`, `accountAddressCreate`, `accountAddressUpdate`, `addressCreate`, `AccountAddressUpdate`,
  - `checkoutShippingAddressUpdate`, `checkoutBillingAddressUpdate`, `shopAddressUpdate`, `warehouseUpdate`
  - Add `metadata` to `AddressInput` field

> - Add suport for unhandled field `trackInventoryByDefault` for `productVariantCreate` and `productVariantBulkCreate` - #13492 by @Smit-Parmar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for unhandled field `Shop.trackInventoryByDefault` for `productVariantCreate` and `productVariantBulkCreate` - #13492 by @Smit-Parmar
```
